Add WebXR Hit Test reference docs - pt 6 (#8262)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/xrray/matrix/index.md

---
title: XRRay.matrix
slug: Web/API/XRRay/matrix
tags:
  - API
  - AR
  - Augmented Reality
  - Experimental
  - Property
  - Reference
  - VR
  - WebXR
  - WebXR Device API
browser-compat: api.XRRay.matrix
---
{{APIRef("WebXR Device API")}}

> The _read-only_ **`matrix`** property of the {{DOMxRef("XRRay")}} interface is a {{jsxref("Float32Array")}} matrix which represents a transform that can be used to position objects along the `XRRay`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The _read-only_ **`matrix`** property of the {{DOMxRef("XRRay")}} interface is a transform that can be used to position objects along the `XRRay`. This is a 4 by 4 matrix given as a 16 element {{jsxref("Float32Array")}} in column major order.
```

The transform from a ray originates at [0, 0, 0] and extends down the negative z-axis to the ray described by the `XRRay`'s `origin` and `direction`.

## Value

> A {{jsxref("Float32Array")}} object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A 16 element {{jsxref("Float32Array")}} object representing a 4 by 4 matrix in column major order.
```
